Valia at least 20 Palestinians have been
killed and 16 others wounded by Israeli
shelling targeting a house in the
western part of the refugee
camp Han Mahmud has the latest from Rafa
in southern
Gaza civilian car in central R was
targeted by a drone missile that reports
about at least five critical injuries
within the vicinity including the driver
of that car but people who were walking
by on the sidewalk were injured by this
missile attack on the cardor reported to
Nar Hospital in central ra now I must
say that these attacks constant attacks
on on ra City particularly right now
where looks like to be a deliberate
attacks on cars just only put more
pressure on Health Care Facilities
across ra City we have great Hospital a
small size facility at Nar Hospital a a
little bit larger than the kid hospital
but larger prepared for these
emergencies and the large number of of
injuries on top of that the hospital has
turned into a refugee camp where
literally people are inside the hospital
on its the three floors inside the
corridors and its Courtyard like leaving
no space for paramedics for uh for
doctors for ambulance to move it freely
just only increasing the pressure on the
health facilities and overnight our to
seem to be more concentrated in the
central area and that has been
consistent within the past few weeks
we're talking about two residential
homes in within a vicinity of a mosque
where a tin Camp was set up by
Palestinians including the mosque itself
bukari mosque was targeted and destroyed
we're looking at 15 people so far being
killed and several other injuries all
reported to alaka hospital in the
northern part of G of the city the
situations remain terrible and only
getting wor power were more people more
children right now dying of starvation
and dehydration as people are still
living the aftermath of the flower
atrocity as they describe it